semantic web... section, head, summary... and these tags these add
more meaning to web page when somebody reads..
practically to make the web page look attractive... how to use css also along
with it..

practically 
hopefully we know how to write html and use id, use some form tags..

JavaScript..
1.respect it as a new language

2. to understand the word event...
Event source  -- system or browser..
Event Listener..  --- this is what we are...

when we talk about function..
1. function definition
2. function calling
3. function assignment..  == during event handling we land up with lot of function
assignment.. we define the function we don't call it system will call it..


we start with function and then come to variables.
variables, we should be conscious about the data type and scope.

variables that come outside the function are global variables (totally bad idea in any programming language)
variables that come inside a function typically are local variables..

variables what happens in real life, we cannot be happy thinking of using only number or a string
we have get comfortable dealing with objects that is what real life is all about..

object with length and breadth as input
returned object with area and perimeter...


in javascript as a presentation person.

1. some event handling will happen
2. capture the input from the UI or some other places..
3. do some logic  ( currently we are doing logic in javascript itself in real life.. it means contact server and get some data )
4. now we have data from the server.. how to use that data..
4.1 change some part of the page.
4.2 navigate to a different page...

in javascript in any programming language.
a programmer when we sees a variable he is not conscious what data type of the variable he has... it means he is in comma state..




if I feel I am unclear about something, first I should know.. excel or written format will clear the lack of clarity..


https://www.redbus.in/search?fromCityName=Coimbatore&fromCityId=141&srcCountry=IND&toCityName=CMBT,%20Chennai,%20Chennai&toCityId=66065&destCountry=IND&onward=9-Nov-2024&opId=0&busType=Any

user friendliness.
0. know the context..
1. no scrolling
2. reduce number of clicks
3. keep the ui consistant..

how to do good design copy an existing one.




syntax for the entire thing below is non standardized..
1. some event handling will happen
2. capture the input from the UI or some other places..
3. do some logic  ( currently we are doing logic in javascript itself in real life.. it means contact server and get some data )
4. now we have data from the server.. how to use that data..
4.1 change some part of the page.
4.2 navigate to a different page...

moral science word called step by step is great, but can we practice it..

process.
1. patiently check whether id is ok according to the requirement or not.
2. decide on the event handling..

lower the cost of failure and then tolerate the uncertainty, doubt will there, can you write a poc...
== approach as a programmer

can we learn syntax or concept on need basis.. 

which events we are responsding to all cannot in mind.. excel sheet..

people who remember only variable names will forget concept if variable names change..

habit of respecting architecture than being over enthusiastic to show output is a good skill to have..

separate your functions into two parts..
1. accessing html, updating html page -- keep it as one category of functions
2. logic doing, keep it as another set of functions
dont mix both..

in any programming language.. it is better first to call the function and then define it, than define a function
and think where to call it..

when you call the function we are forced to think what is input what is return type. how will i communicate failure success..

if you see more functions.. bp should not raise that is what real life..

college people like int and string and think whole world works with it.
but in real life in and out you deal only with objects..



how to debug.

1. use logging and then debugging
thru code know which part of the program is failing then start debugging line by line..














1. divide your javascript functions into ui functions and logic functions.
2. dont hope functions are working.. check thru logs.
3. be conscious which object you have....



those who have come back..

1. complete the tripe it logic 
2. modify the area perimter program where

you have two checkboxes for area and perimeter , by default keep the area selected...
have a button called result.. 

when you click on the result button, depending on which all checkboxes have been
selected you must show appropriate result.

after it is working make a copy of the file and change it the
textboxes to sliders and spinners.

currently what we did was taking pain killers by doing some simple logic..
most of times is needed to understand some other person code..










































