discussion with your mentors
1. poc1
2. poc2
3. employee... starting from login, postlign, logoff

zoom out.. that css layouts ... we have heard something..

1. problems statement 1  ( almost did it without their own logic)
2. problem statement  2.  ( shaky  )


telescope..
we can get a dialog without using any framework, that that is unnecessary peice of code

telescope is..
1. you need to be good at html  (5/5), javascript(3/5)  and css(2/5)
5/5 in everything, i think they should get concious..

all feedback should be acted upon by collecting details.

1. login.html -- separgte page
2. postlogin.html  -- separate page is justified
3. adding of two numbers.  -- need not be justified..
4. problemstatement1.html  -- SP
5. problemstatmen2.html   --SP
6. employee.html --A cousin
7. logoff.html where you taking a confirmation logging off


feedback given
1. why separate pages are given
2. we need to be good at css and html
3. usage of form tag... why use form tag..

what is a form...
grouping some data that needs to be sent some where..


html, javascript,add css to it.
html,css... and then add javascxript

why did you not use form tag..

i did not have the need for using method and action...


you stick with the css whatever we have suggested in the login, postlogin..
1. problems statement 1.
2. problem statement 2

employee case study..
1. you come with your own css for each of the screens with no javascripot.



phase 1
login, logout given by me.. postlogin given by me, adding of two numbers.. 
phase 2  ( no need for login, logout)
build your postlogin screen
problem statement 1
problem statement 2
employee statement given yesterday

phase 3.  ( dont build any javascript, just build html, css with some dummy data..)
employee case study.. login.search elemployee ile p
1. login
2. postlogin... search, upload ..search page
3. logout..

we have to be good at css.
1.






<table class="table table-dark">
table tag , we are apply two css classes one called table, other called table-dark.

<h1 class="a b">
for h1 tag we are applying two classes a and b.

no matter whatever web project we are building today..we use framework
in css also we use frameworks.. especially for table formatting, layout ....we dont use raw
css . good to know raw css formatting.. but framework  usage so what does it mean dont by heart any
property of css.

basics of css.
0. looking at existing code and making some new code based on existing styles..
1. selector property..
2. box model. padding, margin..
3. different kind of layouts available.. block, flex, grid, 
4. responsive ui... it means depending on the device we adapt the css properties..

whether it is javascript or css. we can include one css in another css.
we can include one javascript n another javascript..

html
keep javascript separate
keep css separate..

production.js
main.js , in main.js i am using functions of production.js
hello.html.. where we are using main.js.

<link rel="stylesheet" href="main.css"> 

you are in main.css

hardest thing to do in css...

1. deciding your layout...
block...
flex.... usage could be high
grid .. usage could be high..
what is catch... once you start using frameworks, frameworks will use these layouts and give
you new syntax..

your assignment css usage...

1. phase i .. my design
2. phase2 .. you put your design you dont need login, logout..
3. phas3 -- everything is your design.. html and css.

I want to work on css..



phase i   -- html, javascript, css   ( html, jquery, bootstrap)
phase ii   -- html, javsacript, css,  (html, jquery, bootstrap)
phase iii    --html,css 	.. html, bootstrap, jquery UI






we will join back at 2.40PM after lunch














































