this week main focus will be on using javascript and css  along with html

what is expected from all 6 of you would be.

1. you know how to write some html.. put some id.
2. access the html elements via javascript
3. depending on what you are accessing know different objects have different properties.
4. ideally we keep the business logic and ui manipulation functions separate when
we write javascript.

i think any person who uses the word "science" should be able to generalize the concepts
i hate generalization then be ok.. with remember lot of "jargons"

we have some content in javascript.. in a variable given by the server..
how do you sort
how do you filter it.
and show it in the page..

syntax point of view.
0. those who dont respect javascript a new programming language, will get entertainment..
1. you can create a variable.
2. you can create a function
3. when it is a function , difference between function calling, function assignment and
function definition..

syntax we have to learn.. how about learning syntax which is more commonly used..

let x =3;// ok we x which is numbr. great.. but in a project the real challenge
is to deal project specific data types..

we have to know how to deal with project specific data types.. and these project
specific data types will appear inside some datastructures in our project.

Datastructures , in college in 6 months in real life you can manage with 15 minutes
how to look at Datsatructures in real life.

what is datastructure?
1. group of things.
2. some operations to perform.
3. you decide to pick one from the library which helps in the operations ie 2.

worst thing to do is picking names and then deciding operations.. I want a redblack tree
horrible no... you what operations you want..

I want to collect a group of things which hopefully is contingous and i will
an occasional search on it... ok if this is case.. welcome to the array..

array.. and its cousins.. linkedlist, queue, stack...  linear datastructure..
normal notebook -- we usually write in the last available page. and we know
when we want to search we search the notes from the beginning till the end..

indexed notebook..
before writing you do some alogrith. search..

any datastructure operations does not depend on its content..
array of people
array of task
array of process
array of products
it does not matter operations of that still remains an array based thing..
lienar ds.. search if you tell, go from beginning till end..

when we talk about any ds.. think about its content. to be relevant to the project.
array of numbers
array of strings..
ok.. this may be used in some projects.. but most of times this is useless
because project means it contains project specific data type...
so it is better to deal with array of objects.. like people , task. product...


let x =[{tasid:3, status:true},{ taskid:4, status:false},{taskid:3,status:false}]

the most scary person in the project is a person who has strong opinion on some
thing which is non deterministic..

age old story
1. when you define a function, think who is going to call it.
2. when you calla  function, open documentation and read little bit..
little bit
what does function do.
what is input argument
what is return type
what do they mean input argument and return type..

1. array of objects.. be comfortable with that..
how do you get this object, do you write indendently or create a class and write both
are ok.. as long as you an array of objects.

2. filter function.. of the array.

ever since dinosaurs were programming.. what is logic is if you want to search..
or filter.. you have to tell on what criteria you want the filtering to happen
and this creteria is usually given by function which returns Boolean value..

if you want to filter mention your criteria how... usually thru a function
which rturns Boolean..


people = people.filter(x);
what is x, x is a function assignment...

function assignment means.. we are going to only define a function we are not going
to call who is going to call it.. ok the person who took as an input argument..

function f1(){ return true; }
f2(f1);// we are calling f1.

we are only assigning f1 we are not calling f1.
f2 under some circumstance will call f1, 

when in doubt can we write  a small program.. rather than telling oh i understood..



let x=[];
let y =x;
y[0]=3;
console.log(x[0]);

respect assignment in any programming language and know how the assignment works
for different data types.. for object types.. which is including the array
when we assing, we are not making a copy of what is being assigned..

let x =3; //number
let y =x;
y=4;
x will be 3.. number is a basic type in javascript...
but any object type... new copies of the variable is not created..

ok unnecessary copies are getting creted we shoulda void.. yes totally agreed.
first prove unnecessary copies are getting created..

in any programming langague,last thing in the world we want to know is jargons..

as programmer
zoom out  -- respect architecture...
zoom in -- a programmer who is not 5/5 in variables and functions is a comma state programmer.

ok we know we have variables in javascript.. created by using let or const..
ok we have let or const that is fine.. but we should be "conscious" about the data type.
of the variable..
what is data type

number
string.
object.
array..
if you are having simpler types.. javascript tells ok we will make a copy of it..
when we have object types javascript tells by default i wont make any copies of it...
so

let x =3;
let y =x;
y=7
console.log(x);

only for primitive values in javascript copy is allowed, in other cases it same content
that is shared across variables.

in every programming language you have to respect assignment operator and know
what it means for different data types..


moral of the story.
1. i have a variable i know its data type.. 
2. ok since you know its data type you know now what implications assignment means..
2.1 make a copy (tiny ones copy it.. tiny.. primitive ...)
2.2 dont make a copy share it... ( big ones..s hare it   object types)


do you know how to create an  array of some type which Task
and filter it based on some condition.. example task is running, taks should have memory
not more 50 bytes.. or priority..

do you know array of objects and filter it based on some condition..


programmer loyalty should be towards html or javscript -- Project..


show me equal effort = I will show you a disaster..


style of coding.. arrow function..

let x =(f)=>return f*2;

arrow function
style of coding..

what is advantage.. 
we use arrow functions typically in places where need to define a function and assign
it and we dont call it.

usage scenario
1. use arrow function , i need to define a function. i want to assign it I dont wnat to call
it...if you dont want to call it, the function does not need a name..

event handling. callbacks.. like what we saw in filter... we will use arrow functions..

let hello = function() {
  return "Hello World!";
}
hello();


let freak = () => {
  return "Hello World!";
}
freak();

what we did here.. define a function and assign it..
to a variable called hello.

function can always be passed as a variable in most programming langauges.
including our favourite ... college C.

only thing when you see complicated things, stick with basics..
i see a function.. ok...
1.defining
2.calling
3.assinging..

if you want to pass a function as a variable to some other function..
usually we will do 1 and 3.
use arrow function typically when you want to do 1 and 3.

const materials = ['Hydrogen', 'Helium', 'Lithium', 'Beryllium'];

console.log(materials.map((material) => material.length));

use case for map
we have some section in the html page which has got a id..
we got the array from the server after making a call.
 ['Hydrogen', 'Helium', 'Lithium', 'Beryllium']; we got this from the server..

we have it to show it in the html page as li...
we have to take each element from the array and add li toeach of element for the data
got from the server...
just apply map to the server given data you get a new array with the li element added..

but most common usage map is this scenario..

what does filter do.. it does not change the content of the array in any way
it tells you tell me the logic on thta basis i will pick the elements and give you an array


map.. tells I will take each element from the array, you decide how you want to use
the element and give new transformed element. that i will put in the new array.


we have a task array
let tasks=[{ taskid:3, status:false,priority:4}, { taskid:3, status:true,priority:5}]

function freak(x)
{
return x.taskid;

}


let onlytaskids = tasks.map(freak);



you are taking each element from the array and transforming that elemen into whatever you logic
tells.. and returning a new value..

return only those tasks whose priority is 3 and above.. this is not map... this is filter scenario.

arrow functions does not change the logic of the code.. what you did by giving a named
function or anonymous function you should it in a more convenient way by using arrow functions.



today prove you know

1. array of objects.
2. filtering array based on some criteria.
3. using map with each element of the array
4. sorting array.
5. little bit of ui.. updating..

you have 10 elements you filter you land up max 10 elements or less than 10 elements ...or zero
elemens.. based on filtering criteria.

in map if you have 10 elements you get 10 elements only and never less than 10 lements.
because map tells I will take each element and apply some logic what you say and return
new element based on the logic..

remember we are in the varibles world.
1. know data type of the variable in any programming alngauge why assngment peration will change..
2. we have array of objects.. in that context know how to use filter, map..

2.10 we will join back at 2.50PM

we will write logic part first and ui part..

array of product, have some elements inside it..

add a product..  -- add an element into the array, ensure existing product
if any is present you dont add the product
view all products  -- return the array
update product.  --input argument is a product object.
you got update price of the product, dont update the name and id
apply discount to all products based on a percentage.. (map operation_
product -->id, name and price..
logic for all these features..

javascript

1. global variable array of products.
2. addaproduct
input argument -- produt object
return type.. bool
3. update product
input argument --product object
return type ..bool
4. view all product
return type is array
5. apply discount
input argument is discount
return type is array 

























































































































