1. we will talk about CSS
2. how to share data between multiple pages. given our background..

hopefully all you know that html does some job and javascript does some job
and you cannot compare both..

what did you do in html.
1. structure of the page.. identify sections which needs to changed based on some logic..


what you do in javascript.
1. logic part
take some input
does some logic
get some output.. we should knowing meaning of the output
what is success, what is failure... -- trying to do the logic..
usually we will contact some server, supply inputs and server will add it and give
us the response..
big sin  we are using global functions we are using global variables.this is recognized
big sin we will over come. what is good logic part.. no matter which
ever framework you use, logic part will remain unchanged.



2.  ui part

2.1 setting up event registrations.
2.2 whatever is input we are picking up from the ui..
2.3 you are calling the logic functions..
2.4 based on what logic function is telling you are again updating the ui.

we can deal with lies but very difficult to deal with myths..

i have come to repair tv in the house and the house is on fire, i am busy repairing
the tv.. separate skill..

we are not going to use raw javascript in our project most of times
we are going to use some frameworks,, why.. our job is to solve customer problem
and not improve our technical skill at customers cost..

fix intent first and then the approach.
intent.. to solve customer problem or be busy in jargon of some technology...
i will always repeat my job is to solve customer problem and not .. run around jargons
by some technology..


case study given on Tuesday -- production or manufact
case study given on casestudy  -- ps1 and ps2

when get struck are we willing to write a small program.. poc

CSS
expand it.. Cascading style sheets.
what is it...  it is makeupset for the some markup things..(html, xml)
learning css is it difficult .. ok..no... but it is a separate skill everybody may
not have it.. jsut because you learn css syntax it does not mean eligible for makeup..

it is a separate skillset..
what should we do..
somebody has used css in the html page, recognize why he has used and what it means
and be able to make changes to it.

why use css..
css used to makeup for the web page..
what do you mean by makeup..

1. layout of the page.. hard thing..
2. positionin of elements.. hard thing.
3. easy thing.. color, font...

everybody wants to make a product and ensure people get addicted
to it.. but what people should do is tell i dont like addiction of any
kind .. addiction of any kind is a drug.. good thing for technical
person to avoid it..

people who use adjectives which are strong are generally unfit
to be a technical person..

SASS   --Syntatically Awesome StyleSheet. but .. browser does
not understand this... 
some thing which can convert SASS to css.. there is something processor
which convert SASS to css.

css 4/5
sass 1/5

what does css have..
1. css has got something context selector...
logic in css is broadly like this..

find what in html  -- find h1 or input textbox or input password 
apply this kind of makeup  --css properties

this gets applied automatically



makeupset1  -- classes in css
make font red in color, underline the text

makeupset2
make font blue in color, blink the text or hide the button


get the logic working first and take a call what the page
is supposed to do and then we will do makeup for the page..

can we write a small poc when in doubt..

always a challenge the word , there are many things to rememember

for all people who begin css spend your time
understanding the selector first.. and not the css declaration..

project begins after all the enthusiasm is gone... initial josh
means nothing in the project..

what is : pseudo class.
what is pseudo class.

. it is called class.
who defines the class, programmer.
who decides what is makeup programmer.
who applies the class programmer.

<h1 class="abc"> freak </h1>
this is applying the class.

: pseudo class.
1. programmer is not defining the pseudo class is inbuilt... 
2. when it is applied is already decided by the browser..
3. as a programmer you only tell what should happen when it is applied..

unstructured learning.. on need basis i should be able to learn anything..


when ever you see
: in css selector.
ask yourself what is name of pseudo class
find out .. when it is applied the browser.
and you take a call whatmakeup to apply(you control)


element 
.class  == who applies it programmer ..classname is yours makeup is yours
and application also done by programmer only.

:pseudoclass.

one of the selector..
we have a button, it must have an id b1.. and then on it if the browser
applies the pseudo class 

button#b1:hover { here comes the makeup }
button.b1.. b1 will not an id become a classname.

ever since dinosaurs were programming they were praying
that they should understand everything they see int he project.
that prayer has never been answered...

when in project tolerate uncertainty.. lower the cost of failure
are you willing to do a poc.


I want this makeup..

any company which crates technology wants people to use it.
do you agree

so the company will make things 

1. guide  --textbook
2. documentation  -- dictonary


after selector what did you learn.
i learn the box modell.
what is margin
what is padding.

Try the following, understand
a06drop.html
a07crud.html
try to understand all the syntax of css that comes there
and when in doubt write a small poc..
start doing your practicals in the case study1 which
you completed and sort and filtering example you completed
think what all css  you want to use based on what we know..


































































addEventListener approach .. one more opinion.. finally what you will use..
is decided by the framework you are going to use..









