take your scenario and figure out the syntax to code..

something is common to the project and not specific to the programmer
should not be decided by the programmer.
javascript, css , color combination.. 

main story
multiple ways to the do same thing..

you cannot remember the syntax..
let me start with gridlayout first.
let me go to flex layout
let me go to position
this approach will not work...


1. let me how to create a header.
2. let me how to create two section..
3. i know how to create a footer.
4. i know to display tubular content.
5. i know how to shopping cart kind of page 

in overenthusiasm syntax dont forget our loyalty is towards the project.
still architecture is the boss.

on need basis learning.. is what we need
and not tell i will read toc...

for doing X, can I leanr whatever is needed.

focus today employee postlogin screen.
design and coding..

---------------------------------------------------

javscript..

1. promise.
2. scheduling things..
3. superset topic.. event handling..

event ..
Event source
change in state -- some variable will change
notification mechanism

Event Listener  ==register for the event.
registration of the Event..  document.addEventListener("domcontentloaded",()=>{} );
function definition and assignment... == REgistration for the event..

registering for the event  == event occurring  No

superset word is ajax..

fetch --is a mechanism available in javascript to make a request to the server.. in http mode..


for anywho is interested in being in the http based world.. read some basics about http..

what is http protocol
what goes in requests.
what goes in response
what is response status codes
what are modes of request.
what is session
what is cookie
what typically goes in http headers..

what does the programmer on the server done..

1. he has registered his code for http request events..

hey system, if the guy clicks on the button , call this function of mine..

server guy do.

hey system, in http request, if the event is get.. call this function of mine.
hey system, in http request, if the event is post.. call this function of mine.

somebody asks you what is a promise..
promise is something that will not happen in the present.
something is going to be done and it will take time...
fancy dress on promise is asyn and await..

with important concepts. like promise, what is problem.
if you think one person is doing everything , whole concept will collapse.

who created the promise I, who has delivering on the promise I only.. 
horrible

person X is delivering on the promise.
person Y is using the promise..


what is promise
example I am going to show will correct in terms of syntax but bad in terms of application why...
because 
who created the promise I
who is delivering on promise I..

a person who is not conscious about the data type of the variables and scope of variables is a dead person
in programming..

when you create a promise object.. you pass two things to it.. both are functions..

promise(a,b) , a and b both are functions..
a function has to correspond to success
b function has to correspond to failure..

the guy who is implementing the promise, will call a, if he feels promise has been met.
the ugy will function b, if he feels promise has not been met
you can handle that in your code..


when you define a function, think who is going to call it..
if you dont know who is going to call it..
then dont define the function.


what did we pass to promise
a function with two arguments

generalized logic..

x person is creating the promise and Y person is telling X person hey X person 
when you full fill promise please let me know by calling a function called f1.
when you fail to full fill the promise let me know by calling a function called f2.

X created the promise

Y is using the promise and letting know X hey X please let me know success or failure by calling functions
f1 or f2.

promise gets a function which takes two arguments.. one indicates success and other indicates failure

input argument ot a promise is a single function . that function which we passed to promise takes two arguments..


are you confident of replacing arrow function with a named function..
or are you afraid..


the person who is creating the promise.

1. has to work on the promise
2. then let the use of the promise know whether he succeed in the promise
or failed in the promise.
3. for this, user of the promise has to tell the guy who has promised, two functions one for success
other for failure, this is indicated by then function for success, catch function for failure.


fetch...to understand fetch we need to have some idea regarding promise

1. two people are there..
2. person who has crated the promise is doing some job and telling the other person hey give me two functions..
one function which i will call if i feel i succeeded in promise
other function which i will call if i feel i failied in promise.. you do this, by passing a single function which
takes arguments.
3.person who using the promise... he will use the promise and register with promise guy, hey if you succeed
call this function of mine( define and assign), if you fail call this function of mine(define and assing)
4.who thing will start working.




fetch(getsomethingfromserver).then("got successfully ).catch("failed to get data from the srver")

be focused.
step 1

GitHub has been updated, so fetch again..
look at the code sample available in codesamples\day08cssrevision\a06all

1. design the employee postlogin..
2. design html and css for employee postlogin today itself.

parallel step..
\webannalect\reference
gridandflexprop.txt  ( refer it wheever you see property and see what property does..)
webui.txt.. what makes a  good ui for web appliactions.

once you are back focus on the employee postlogin design and ensure
you 
go systematically
header
subheader
body
footer
look at a17shop.html file also...  and see whether you are able to understand css properties.












































































