expectation.. last class.

how css works.
1. selector, declaration, property. value..
selectors elements, class, pseudo classes..

2.some more examples on css and also storage, sesson storage and local storage
of html5 how it can be accessed in javsacript..

just like javascript...
quick summary 
web ..http
logic part for the web.. for which we are building presenation.
role of html
role of javascript (
we know some logic we have to do.
based on the logic we capture things from the html
get the logic done ... (happens on server..) and we get some output.
based on the output we update the ui..

we keep logic part, ui part separate

ui .. part..
major part is how you do event hanlding and access different sections
of the page..

<button onclick="f1()">  --> addEventListener....== again if you use
frameworks things can change..

we will add css to all the problem statements we have done so far..
with login and logout..

we are working on css.. again use the telescope.. dont get preoccupied
with syntax... restrict syntax to use in particular scenario..


user friendliness.
1. no scrolling
2. do whatever you want keep the number of clicks to less than 3.
3. consistency..


1. problem statement 1
2. problem statement 2
3. we will add css to it..
4. javascript oops concept == objects... class and then create object..


javascript tells I never believed in oops.
but people kept on crying no javascript we dont have decency to learn javascript
as a new language, I come from java or I come from c++ or I come from .net
so you should look like java or c++ or C# for me javsacript told No I wont look
like that.. then programmers cried.. then javascript told ok I will act
as though I will use oops But I wont follow any oops concept except for
concept of class.

if you begin with a intent of design called X... no matter whatever changes.
X intent will never go away it will remain..

"intent"
in javascript we have written

logic functions we are using global variables, global functions
the event handling variables and functions.. no global fucntions..

what is object oriented..?
if object orientedness mean just a class usage .. it is not object orientedness.

Object orientedness.
1. abstraction ( debatable..)
2. encapsulation ( we get it)
3. relationship between classes. ( we also get this)
4. packages ( we get this

I am not talking about object orientedness  I  just talking about the word called
class.

what is a class. we can chew somebody brain by using lot of words..

class is project specific data type..

data type = content + operations.

tell what are its content, what are its operations..

starting point
just tell class is  project specific data type..

whenever we define a function, think who is going to call it...
constructor case.. the moment you create an object the constructor will
get called..

class Product
{
   constructor(id,tname,tprice)
	{
	  this.productid=id;
	  this.name=tname;
	  this.price = tprice;
	}
   getProductDetails()  { return this.productid+"  " + this.name+ "" +this.price"


}

let x =new Product(2,"pencil",3);





class ProductLogic
{

}



let i=3;

data type..

1. content
2. operations 
we choose data type based on 2.. we decided we want to add or multiply things
hence we choosed a numeric data type.


1. when we have pieces of information which are logically related we want to group
them. do you agree.

now how does it make a difference... why... remember all projects change with time..

addproduct(newproduct)  //signature will not change

addproduct(productid,productname,price)


let newproduct={ id:3,name:'pencil',price:4}
let newproduct={ id:3,name:'pencil',price:4,categoryid:5, manufactureddate:2024}

what will change what will not change, should be thought about before the project
begins else be 100% sure funeral as began.. in the projct.

class..
class is meant for encapsulation... class is template for an object.. ok 1 mark in
the exam..
now telescope

1. we are in javascript..javascript when it began never had classes..
crying of fellow programmers who did not have decency tolearn javascript
 as new language..

class is a data type..
you decide what will be teh content what will the operation..
no I cant decide ok dont write the class.

function freak()
{
	let i=0;// i created a variable called i whose data type is a number.
	let x =new Rectangle();//this is time we tell we created x whose
//data type is a rectangle

we have rectangle object we have to tell this object content is , to indicate
this object content is.. we use this.. inside the function of the class.




}
















all of you who know that class means content + operatons
simple way of telling this is a class is a data type..

number is a data type. how do you use the data type

1. create a variable
2. store something
3. operate on it.

class is a data type
1. create an object.
2. store something, usually pass it with constructor or manually assign.
3. operate on it, call the functions of the class.

having strong opinions on subjective things separate flavor of stupidity.


student is very happy to read the code explain what it does, until
he is asked what is input , what is its data type
what is output what is its data type
then student faints. and some times goes into comma state..


data type means content and operations
data type means content and operations
data type means content and operations
data type means content and operations
data type means content and operations
data type means content and operations
data type means content and operations
data type means content and operations
data type means content and operations
data type means content and operations
data type means content and operations
data type means content and operations
data type means content and operations
data type means content and operations
data type means content and operations
data type means content and operations


in any programming language..dont read variable names.. read in terms of data types
to which variables belong to..

2 to 2.40PM ..

answer is no. we are still not doing object oriented programming
we have just started using class

usage of class != object oriented programming.

treat class like a project specific data type.. that's it. dont talk about oops.. yet..

what to do.

1. webannalect\codesamples\day07cssbasics\classusageinjs\a01classuage.html

during adding check whether task id present if it is present return noteadded
dont add to the array.

during update task.. if the tasked matches, update the array task object's
taskname and status with input given task object status and taskname.

get all tasks based on some status... 

check all the functions whether they work both in positive scenario

Logic portion
class product
class ProductLogic.
	constructor()  {   this.products=[] }
	addproduct(newproduct)
	updateprduct(updateproduct)
	applydiscount()
	getallproducts()  return this.products



event handling portion

document.addEventListener("domcontentloaded",()=>
{
	let productlogic =new ProductLogic();
	on need basis, you can create product object
	


}); 




































































