key things.
0. intent first language next.
1. our loyalty is towards project
2. tolerate uncertainty..keep your bp level normal..
and try to write a small program which clarifies
the syntax or the concept on which we have doubt on.
3. generalize our learning consequence of this
we have less things to remember.

Example of things that dont change.
Event handling..

good programmer.
1. project is my boss because it pays my salary
2. when i get doubts, i will keep level normal... and write a "small"
program which will clarify my doubt.
3. must be good at variables and functions (5/5)
4. good at problem solving..  ( people who depend on their memory
are stupid people they can never good at problem solving depnd on
a process)
intelligence == not repeatable..
process to solve the probme == repeatable..

I spoke something vague or complicated let me know..

harmless word web technology..
technology is Shakespeare cousin..

web.. think of http and its related protocol usage..

web technology...
web server... == server which processes http requests..
client side
server side..

http
client side
server side
boss is the browser... 

telescope   zoom out problems comes mainly because of zoom out most 
of times, ensure we dont get the problem because of zoom outs..

web application
1. which browsers are you targeting.
2. what devices are you targeting.
3. under what restrictions you want to run..
4. performance criterias if any..

ghost word in IT industry is performance.. best practice it will wokr
faster... needs data to be collected..

hardest question in the project do you know what will change
what will not change..

moral of the story, in any multistep dont trust your instinct, intellingece
rather have a process (checklist) -- this will gurantee repetabililty.

web.
client side and server side.
what is target environment and devices..
performance criteria.
maintenance...

To design the web site there are multiple steps.. 
multiple steps my brain wont work. so where is the checklist..

we are building presentation layer.. that means.. presentation
layer has to be slave to some business layer..

show patience while doing zoom out, so that we wont
waste time coding which nobody uses...

we are building a web based presentation.
1. html  --structure of the page.. link.. ul, li
2. css  -- does decoration for the page.. positioning layouts.. colors fonts..
3. js  -- decides dynamic behavior of the page.. when we click..

approach.
0. we have filled up the excel sheet.
1. html  first
2. css next.
3. javascript last..

you will  know which part of the html page will change, which part
of the html page will not change based on that we can give ids..

who are building html think which part of the page will change
ensure you give a id for that particular part..

html tag
various tags..
html tags are interpreted by the browser..

only with html ... we cannot do anything... we have to use css and javascript
to get functionality going..

1. structure...
2. responsiveness.. targeting various devices..
3. how to use css and html together to get 2 done..

remember
concept is not a function of time
syntax is function of time..

html page syntax.
know which part will change, which part will not change..

while learning.. let us ensure we learn from official guys first
and then the freaky guys and not from freaky guys first..

tags that introduce new line   --Div, p, h1
tags that dont introduce new line..  span

projects which require heroes are zeroes.

hyperlink..

<A href="where to go"> what to show in the screen  </A>



https://www.random.org/account/


https://www.random.org/terms/

todays world collecing information  has lost value..
skill is what are you doing with the information.

any official website will tell their technology is the best
.as a technical person we should not believe this....because
we are fan of our project and not the technology.

inline element it does not introduce newl ines.
example span, hyperlink..

1. head, body , html
2. div, span
3. hyperlink tag.
4. ul, li tags.
5. form tags..
6. h1, h6... tags. heading..

remember we will see the power of tags only after learning css along
with it..

only html, css and js first.. then i will talk about sass , react.. little bit
why... 
boss does not care for sass, react. angular.. boss tells give me html
js and css only.. boss = browser.

what is purpose of form. =group things.


what is purpose of ui elements like textbox, radio button, checkbox
to interact and collect information from user

i am picking up
<form action="random.org/procssit" method="">
userid
password.
</form>
I did not use a form.. then what will happen.. grouping of userid
and password willn ot happen

form  is used to group information...
input elements is used to interact with user and capture the information.


form action="where to send the grouped information" 
method="how to send the information"
if you want to send the grouped information thru the form, submit button
is needed.
if you are dong something on your own just for logic in the client
normal button will do.

0. know architecture, fill up excel sheet.. and then we will use how to use
id in the html.
1. html has got some tags... which is processed by the browser.
2. know tags which introduce new line and tags which dont introduce new line
span, a href..
3. form is a grouping mechanism.
4. user inputs ok interact with user and capture input

2.05 ... 2.30 PM and join back..

on need basis learning..


















































microscope. zoom in

































